{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/////\
The welcome page offers the user to select different languages in respect with the user\'92s ethnicity and language. The welcome page is entirely different with the home page which can attract a visitor. The top navigation is consistent, allowing the visitor to navigate with ease without getting lost. There are quick links on the right side menu of the website which can answer customer\'92s query about the company. The font type of the text is the same although some of the text is bold, highlighted, and bigger fonts to add style on the website. The website is using a theme colour which regard to its logo that uses blue and red. This website is well-organised. There is a consistency of tables, menus, grid, font, etc. on every page. The design concept of the website is consistent. There are few changes on the website when it\'92s used or opened in another browser/ operating system although the functionality is not affected. The loading speed of the website is fast.\
\\\\\\\\\\\
\
/////\
The website doesn\'92t have a welcome page but it does give the visitor who at they want, to be able to view and book flights. The website is straight forward, giving the visitor ease of access for view and booking tickets.  The home page displays clarity of web design but links from the pages displays different layout and design which can confuse a visitor who is navigating the website. The navigation is poor as it changes whenever you go to another page. There is no consistency on the design, web page layout and navigation. The browser speed is affected because of consistent changing of the layouts from one page to another. The website also uses it\'92s logo theme colour, orange, but also uses blue and green which is contrast to theme. It also uses different font style on the home page.\
\\\\\\\\}