{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
British Airways presents a landing page before reaching the true homepage. This initial landing page has only one function, to allow the user to select the language on the rest of the website. This gives a more professional feel to the website, by demonstrating the wide use of the website in other countries.\
\
The homepage has a very simple layout; a header banner, a footer and a 3 column layout. Much of this layout is echoed throughout the entire website, maintaining a professional look and feel. The colour scheme, font and imagery are also very similar between pages on the website, which matches the well known logo.\
\
Whilst navigating the website, only 1 column from the homepage is vaguely consistent between pages. This column contains a form for quick access to information on the website about planning a trip using British Airways. Although this form keeps the same format and sizing, it does seem to bounce from one side of the web page to the other while randomly browsing to different pages giving an unfinished feeling to the website.\
\
When browsing the website on various browsers and operating systems, the content stays almost identical, if only varying slightly in advertisement content. This gives a very professional feeling to the website, along side the fast loading speed indicating a well designed site using a reduced bandwidth limit per page.\
\
EasyJet provide direct access to the homepage immediately from navigating to the website. This gives fast access to the website content while limiting the immediate potential audience of the website to only those who can read english. The language is configurable via a drop down menu in the top right of the header banner.\
\
The website gives quick access to booking flights, giving the user a streamlined experience. The homepage is extremely clear, although the design does not stretch to many other pages on the website. \
\
Most links lead to pages which appear to have their own specific design. The only relation to EasyJet is the use of the colour orange. Some pages do not include a simple way to navigate back to the homepage such as clicking on the logo in the header banner.\
\
The consistency of the web page design is distracting. The homepage has an orange border around the content which distracts the user\'92s eyes away from the main body of the webpage, while navigation between webpages provides a variety of different header banners with different background images, fonts, information and dimensions. The only obvious consistency between webpages is the iconic orange colouring associated with EasyJet.\
\
Both websites produce a bespoke user experience. Of the two websites, British Airways appears to be the best. It has a much more consistent design compared to EasyJet, between webpages and across browsers and operating systems.\
\
Despite the variety of differences between the two websites, they both use very similar concepts. For example, both websites use a colour scheme based on their logos, which is extremely useful to the user helping to distinguish whether they are still on the official website or have strayed to an external website.\
\
They also both have an easy and quick access to booking trips and flights via the homepage, which can avoid obscuring the main functionality of the website behind a maze of other webpages.}